welcome to the man of recaps this is His
Dark Materials episode 7 at the end of
last episode Lyra fell from the hot air
balloon and luckily she landed in the
really soft snow she's totally fine
unfortunately she is immediately
captured by armored bears they bring her
two armored bear City and throw her in
the dungeons in the cell with her some
professor turns out her father Lord
Asriel was here just a little bit ago
but he convinced the evil bear King to
let him continue his research up in the
mountains this professor drops a hint on
how to beat the evil bear King turns out
what he really wants is to be human we
saw this in the other episode where he
was all excited about getting baptized
and stuff but what he wants more than
anything is to have a demon of his own
Lyra gets an idea so she calls for an
audience and oh yeah evil bear King she
claims that she is a demon humans get
animals it makes sense what best to get
humans doesn't it and she currently
belongs to her armored bear Yorick
bernis in she's like hey I'd rather be
your demon cuz you're a great and mighty
king but the only way you could take me
is if you kill him in single combat this
is a great trick because instead of
having his army just tear Yorick apart
uh he'll let him in and give York a
chance to win and so it's time for an
armored bear battle apparently though
they fight without their armor on so
that's you know not as cool but in any
case POW bears you had to embarrass it
looks like York's gonna lose but in the
end oh yeah he pulls it off and wins
he's like sweet I'm king of the bears
again and we're gonna be like not evil
bears now he brings Lyra back to Roger
but apparently they bailed out of the
balloon shortly after her and Lee
Scoresby went on and crashed somewhere
else the witch comes to talk to him like
hey man you're not done yet
fix your dang balloon cuz Lyra still
needs your help meanwhile the
Magisterium is moving out in full force
whatever Lord Asriel is doing they want
to stop him now they're mad at mrs.
Coulter because her plan of having the
puppet bear King keep him prisoner
totally failed but she talks her way
back into the mission now over in our
world Lord boreal still harassing this
family he claims to be working for the
government and is like hey we think your
husband might still be alive
can you give me all the letters he sent
you maybe we can help bind him but she's
not trust in this guy she's like come on
back with a warrant when will and his
mom get home later Oh their place has
been ransacked they run over to wills PE
teachers house it's like hey man can you
watch
crazy mom for a bit we just had a
break-in this poor cat like yeah I kind
of had plans I was gonna watch the game
and chill out but yeah I guess will goes
home and checks the letters from his dad
oh they're still there they didn't find
him but that night burglars come back
Will's ready to defend himself
well charges this guy and how he trips
on that cat and falls off the balcony
I'm gonna put this murder not on wills
conscience but on the cat will runs back
over to his mom but he has a different
idea and he runs off into the night so
Lyra and Roger travel to the far north
where her dad Lord Asriel is doing
whatever he's doing so Lyra goes inside
and oh yeah James McAvoy's back she's
finally reunited with her father but his
reaction is less than happy he totally
freaks out saying stuff like I did not
send for you
he's trying to just shove her out back
into the cold but then he sees her
friend Roger and totally change his
demeanor he's like oh you brought a
random kitchen boy here who I don't care
anything about you guys could stay have
a hot bath I'm no master predictor of
where stories are going but sure seems
like he's about to human sacrifice poor
Roger and that's how episode 7 comes to
an end if you like my recaps hit that
subscribe button I'm bringing you the
best recaps of TV and movies so don't
miss out
[Music]